 It is through the reverse-proxy of the detached unit status that is used as a medium to host the server 
 that mounts and assigns agents to civillians as monitoring agents who record behavior without the knowledge of your  involuntary monitored friends.  

   They are warned not to release any detail to you, me or the Active State of the detached unit that is involutanry assigned a scheme URL.      

   He tells them this is a gift or a secret and enables the generative layers of the lab sharing sourcing networks for insights exchange 


friends do not know that they are being directed and connected to the side-web of node mesh connectivites  and affects the reaactive paramters, 
 
 
 origin of the binding signal that encapsulates the signal of surrounding units, although . This is how routing agetns take-over during active duty in National Emergency  status 











 Component 
 
 
 1 Roving TAP

~ 2 Generator Lab Stream Layer  

 3. Extend the endpoint/ or relevant identifers thru converter apps to change the format of the signal, transmission or currents as attachment/ side-attachment to the tracepoint which gives GPS live upstreams that trace the State/ or the person-attached Roving TAP

 Use a 3D mathlabs, math insights, originlab, spherical coordinate system  trade-craft service to collocate the origin of coordinates xyz as the spatial node collocated as the centerpoint radius which elevates the East Norht UP at your antenna height pole/ spine/ columnn. 



 THERMOS ACTIVATION 


enable thermos activation to retain autonomy of heat autonomy of the mobile unit.   The space within the dome is fixed and enables assignment of node and identifiers to space points that make contact the body of the trace-subject.       This is how simulations and frequecies and transmissiosn are effecting the UI/UX of the State




 





capsule 

 


 




 
 The encapsulated State is sustained within its origin of concept.   
  This indicates that the light of the public is not intersected and only occurs within the UI/UX of the Active State,
  
 If any States release commentary with intent to expose a detached unit, indicates and insider, treason, and management of any diseaase, deaths, disasters, that are endangering the habitable universe, it affects the whole globe, the State carries the central origin as it traverses thru the paralleling servers.   This is why feedback changes in everyone, to the active perspective. 



      
e ncapsulation relating to the reverse-proxy that enables the inverted cross.  


  
 
 
 
 the inverted cross


   
 
 
 the origin of State, is a sour
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 that when oscillated, pr augmented  as a inverted vertex  which carries the universe with i traverse  exisiting  universe lane f any disasters 

 
 
 
 
 act of incriminiating 


 
 
 reality describing effects updates  States
 
 
 simulation, o the public, 

 
  
  within the Scheme of the model concept